[Clang] Fix dependency of SourceLocExpr. (#78436)
llvm/llvm-project: clang/docs/ReleaseNotes.rst

  (`#57410 <https://github.com/llvm/llvm-project/issues/57410>`_) and
  (`#76604 <https://github.com/llvm/llvm-project/issues/57410>`_)

- Fix a bug where clang would produce inconsistent values when

>   std::source_location::current was used in function templates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  ``std::source_location::current()`` was used in a function template.
```

>   Fixes  (`#78128 <https://github.com/llvm/llvm-project/issues/78128>`_)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Fixes (`#78128 <https://github.com/llvm/llvm-project/issues/78128>`_)
```
